feat: release 3.4 (#1229)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/00-release-notes.md

- The Palette dashboard now displays Edge host clusters undergoing an upgrade process.. 

## Palette Dev Engine (PDE)

## Features

- Palette PDE is now available in self-hosted installation of Palette.

- PDE now has a Command Line Interface (CLI) that you can use for programmatic access to PDE resources. Users can perform actions such as create, list, delete, resize, pause, and resume virtual cluster. You can also download the kubeconfig file of a virtual cluster with the CLI.

## Improvements

- Container applications that expose a service now automatically receive ingress support with HTTPS support out-of-the-box.

- You can now access a new dashboard to view better your active virtual clusters, app profiles, deployed apps, and resource utilization. The dashboard provides a comprehensive overview of critical metrics and more.

- You can now increase or decrease the number of replicated instances of a container service.  
 

## Terraform

> - Version 0.13.2 of the [Spectro Cloud Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs) is available. Refer to the Terraform provider [release page](https://github.com/spectrocloud/terraform-provider-spectrocloud/releases) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
- Version 0.14.0 of the [Spectro Cloud Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs) is available. Refer to the Terraform provider [release page](https://github.com/spectrocloud/terraform-provider-spectrocloud/releases) for more details.
```
